#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.compile
#
alembic==1.13.2
    # via dagster
altair==5.4.1
    # via streamlit
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via graphene
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.42.0
    # via -r requirements.compile
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   gql
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via gql
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via python-fasthtml
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
boto3==1.35.24
    # via -r requirements.compile
botocore==1.35.24
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-webserver
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==14.0
    # via dagster
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
croniter==3.0.3
    # via dagster
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dagit==1.8.8
    # via -r requirements.compile
dagster==1.8.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   dagster-cloud
    #   dagster-cloud-cli
    #   dagster-docker
    #   dagster-gcp
    #   dagster-gcp-pandas
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   dagster-pandas
    #   dagster-postgres
    #   dagster-webserver
dagster-cloud==1.8.8
    # via -r requirements.compile
dagster-cloud-cli==1.8.8
    # via dagster-cloud
dagster-docker==0.24.8
    # via -r requirements.compile
dagster-gcp==0.24.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   dagster-gcp-pandas
dagster-gcp-pandas==0.24.8
    # via -r requirements.compile
dagster-graphql==1.8.8
    # via dagster-webserver
dagster-pandas==0.24.8
    # via dagster-gcp
dagster-pipes==1.8.8
    # via dagster
dagster-postgres==0.24.8
    # via -r requirements.compile
dagster-webserver==1.8.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   dagit
db-dtypes==1.3.0
    # via
    #   dagster-gcp
    #   pandas-gbq
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
docker==7.1.0
    # via dagster-docker
docker-image-py==0.1.13
    # via dagster-docker
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via dagster
duckdb==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.compile
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastcore==1.7.26
    # via
    #   fastlite
    #   python-fasthtml
    #   sqlite-minutils
fastlite==0.0.13
    # via python-fasthtml
fh-plotly==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.compile
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   snowflake-connector-python
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via universal-pathlib
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
github3-py==4.0.1
    # via dagster-cloud-cli
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
google-api-core[grpc]==2.20.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
google-api-python-client==2.146.0
    # via dagster-gcp
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-bigquery==3.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   dagster-gcp
    #   pandas-gbq
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via dagster-gcp
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
gql[requests]==3.5.0
    # via dagster-graphql
graphene==3.3
    # via dagster-graphql
graphql-core==3.2.4
    # via
    #   gql
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via graphene
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-health-checking==1.62.3
    # via dagster
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
    #   python-fasthtml
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via python-fasthtml
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   altair
    #   dagster
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.5.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
libsql-experimental==0.0.41
    # via -r requirements.compile
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via numba
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   pyod
    #   seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via yarl
narwhals==1.8.2
    # via altair
numba==0.60.0
    # via pyod
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   contourpy
    #   db-dtypes
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via dagster-gcp
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   python-fasthtml
    #   requests-oauthlib
openai==1.47.0
    # via -r requirements.compile
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.compile
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-cloud-cli
    #   db-dtypes
    #   fastcore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   plotly
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   dagster-gcp-pandas
    #   dagster-pandas
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   seaborn
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pandas-gbq==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements.compile
pex==2.20.1
    # via dagster-cloud
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via snowflake-connector-python
plotly==5.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   fh-plotly
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via questionary
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via dagster-postgres
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   dagster
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydata-google-auth==1.8.2
    # via pandas-gbq
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   github3-py
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyod==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.compile
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   github3-py
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   python-fasthtml
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   uvicorn
python-fasthtml==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   fh-plotly
python-multipart==0.0.19
    # via python-fasthtml
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   dagster
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.compile
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-cloud-cli
    #   uvicorn
questionary==2.0.1
    # via
    #   dagster-cloud
    #   dagster-cloud-cli
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via docker-image-py
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-cloud
    #   dagster-cloud-cli
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   docker
    #   github3-py
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   gql
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via gql
rich==13.8.1
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via boto3
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via pyod
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.compile
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
slack-sdk==3.33.2
    # via -r requirements.compile
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowflake-connector-python[pandas]==3.12.2
    # via -r requirements.compile
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   dagster
sqlglot==25.26.0
    # via -r requirements.compile
sqlite-minutils==4.0.3
    # via fastlite
starlette==0.38.6
    # via
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   dagster-webserver
    #   python-fasthtml
streamlit==1.38.0
    # via -r requirements.compile
structlog==24.4.0
    # via dagster
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via dagster
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via dagster
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
toposort==1.10
    # via dagster
tornado==6.4.1
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   openai
typer==0.12.5
    # via
    #   dagster-cloud
    #   dagster-cloud-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   dagster
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
universal-pathlib==0.2.5
    # via dagster
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   github3-py
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.6
    # via
    #   dagster-webserver
    #   python-fasthtml
uvloop==0.20.0
    # via uvicorn
watchdog==4.0.2
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   streamlit
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==13.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.11.1
    # via gql

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
